单词        中文                                    例句
account 账目;描述 Some banks make it difficult to open an account.
accuse 正确无误的,精确的 You are accused of a crime.
accustomed 习惯于,惯常的 He took his accustomed seat by the fire.
activity 活动 It was a period of intense activity.
actress 女演员 She fancies herself (as) a serious actress.
apologize 道歉，谢罪	 I'm damned if I'll apologize!
appearance 出现，露面,容貌 She sets great store by her appearance.
appendix	附录，阑尾 I had to have my appendix out.
assume	假设 We were wrong to assume she'd agree.
assumption 假定 His actions were based on a false assumption.
astronomy 天文学 We are on the threshold of a new era in astronomy.
backache 背痛 It was discovered that standing even caused backache.
background 背景 A piano tinkled gently in the background.
bakery 面包店 I'm just going to the baker's. 
balance 平衡 She had trouble keeping her balance.
barrier 屏障，障碍，关卡 The Yangtze river is a natural barrier to the north-east.
baseball 棒球 This game is a variant of baseball.
basket 篮子 I consigned her letter to the waste basket.
basketball 篮球 She knows a lot about basketball.
bookcase 书橱 The bookcase is screwed to the wall. 
boy 男孩 He was still just a boy.
bureaucratic 官僚的 It was another bureaucratic snafu.
burglar 入室窃贼 He opened the door and came face-to-face with a burglar.
burial 埋葬 Her body was sent home for burial.
careful 小心，仔细，谨慎的 Careful―you're messing my hair.
carpenter 木工，木匠 He  was a  carpenter  by trade.
category 类别，种类 His pictures don't fit into any category.
cater 提供饮食，承办酒席 They only publish novels which cater to the mass-market. 
cathedral 大教堂（天主教） The ceiling of the cathedral glittered with gold.
cattle 牛（总称），家畜 The cattle are fed on barley. 
compensate 补偿，弥补 Nothing can  compensate  for the loss of a loved one.
compete 比赛，竞赛 We can't compete with them on price.
conscience 良心，良知，内疚 He lay awake, scourged by his conscience. 
curtain 窗帘 Light beamed through a hole in the curtain.
daughter 女儿 Her daughter is very dear to her.
dawn 黎明，拂晓 The troops landed at dawn.
dessert 甜点 This dessert can be served straight from the fridge.
destroy 破坏，毁坏 Any reform will destroy and pervert our constitution.
detective 侦探 He plays a wisecracking detective.
determination 决心 He showed great courage and determination.
dictation 听写 I wrote the letter at my boss' dictation.
dictionary 词典，字典 I looked it up in the dictionary.
divorce 离婚 The divorce became absolute last week.
dizzy 头眩目晕的 She felt dizzy and nauseous.
dumpling 饺子 Let's do a dumpling party!
dusk 黄昏 The street lights go on at dusk.
dust 灰尘，尘土 The wind stirred up a lot of dust.
dustbin 垃圾箱 She tipped the rubbish into a dustbin.
dusty 尘土般的，尘土多的 London was hot and dusty.
duty 责任，义务 He was recalled to military duty.
editor 编辑 The editor told me that my novel would be published in this week.
educate 教育，培养 He was educated at Haslingden Grammar School.
elephant 象 He rided the elephant in the zoo.
eleven 十一 After eleven days of growth the number of sprouts was counted.
energetic 精力旺盛的 Ten year-olds are incredibly energetic.
energy 精力，能量 He was saving his energy for next week's race in Belgium.
engine 发动机，引擎 He got into the driving seat and started the engine.
everywhere 到处 Working people everywhere object to paying taxes.
evidence 证据，证明 Ganley said he'd seen no evidence of widespread fraud
expert 专家，能手 Our team of experts will be on hand to offer help and advice.
fact 事实，现实 That is an ironclad fact that is beyond controversy.
factory 工厂 He owned furniture factories in New York State.
fireworks 焰火 The search lights and the fireworks made the sky a kaleidoscope of colour.
forehead 前额 He wiped away the beads of sweat on his forehead.
foreign 外国的 She was on her first foreign holiday without her parents.
fresh 新鲜的 Open the window and let in some fresh air.
friction 摩擦 Sara sensed that there had been friction between her children
Friday 星期五 Mr Cook is intending to go to the Middle East on Friday.
furniture （总称）家具 Each piece of furniture in their home suited the style of the house.
general 大体，笼统的，总的 The announcement was met with general rejoicing.
generation 代，一代 There is a generation gap between my parents and I.
generous 慷慨大方的 She was always very generous in her charity.
gentle	温柔的，轻轻的	We've never met such gentle people.
guarantee	保证，担保	I guarantee that this will not happen again.
guard	防护装置，警戒	He keeps a dog to guard the house.
guess	猜	We could only guess at her motives.
guest	客人，宾客	They are coming to the party as my guests.
handwriting	书法	The handwriting on both cheques is identical.
handy	便利的，顺手的	An electric kettle is very handy.
hillside	（小山）山腰，山坡	The path steepens as you climb the hillside.
him	他（宾格）	His blindness is a great trial to him.
himself	他自己	He is smart and can take care of himself.
hunter	猎人	The hunter steadied his rifle and fired.
hurricane	飓风，十二级风	The hurricane destroyed the whole village.
illegal	非法的	All protests are brutally repressed by the government as illegal.
illness	疾病	His illness diminished his health.
imagine	想像，设想	You can imagine how surprised I was.
immediate	立即的，马上	The immediate cause of death is unknown.
inch	英寸	She shortened the shirt by an inch.
incident	事件	She couldn't erase the incident from her memory.
include	包含，包括	His writings include poetry and prose.
inn	小旅店，小饭店	I intend to strike my staff at that small inn.
instead	代替，顶替	I gave him advice instead of money.
kitchen	厨房	I guess there are mice in the kitchen.
kite	风筝	The children are flying kites.
knee	膝盖	I've bumped my knee on the wall.
level	水平线，水平	Levels of unemployment vary from region to region.
liberate	解放，使获自由	Our army had liberated many occupied areas.
liberation	解放	Only after liberation is he able to go to school.
liberty	自由	Everybody is at liberty to air his views.
listen	听,仔细听 And they would not listen, they did not know how.
literary	文学的 Thus he is often acclaimed literary spokesman of the Jazz Age.
literature	文学 None of the children in his literature class died in the quake.
lucky	运气好，侥幸 I was lucky enough to have such a good girl as you.
luggage	(总称)行李 How much free luggage can I take with me?
market	市场，集市 How much of a role should be allowed for the market?
marriage	结婚，婚姻 When asked the question of her marriage, the pop star kept silent.
married	已婚的 It is wise of him to have married Lucia.
media	大众传播媒介 Yahoo! set out to be a new sort of media company.
medical	医学的，医疗的 She wishes to pursue a medical career. 
merry	高兴的，愉快的 She was humming a merry little tune.
mess	凌乱 Who's going to clean up this mess?
message	消息，音信 A message is just coming through. 
messy	乱七八糟的 It was a messy job.
minority	少数，少数民族 Only a tiny minority hold such extreme views.
murder	谋杀 He pleaded guilty to murder.
museum	博物馆，博物院 The museum was unguarded at night.
native	本土的，本国的 Her native language is Korean. 
natural	自然的 His hair had a natural curl.
needle	针 A compass needle points north.
nowadays	当今，现在 She is rarely seen in public nowadays.
occur	发生 It didn't occur to her to ask for help. 
ocean	海洋 The grey ocean seethed beneath them. 
opener	开具，启子 Jones scored the opener.
opening	开放，口子 The movie has an exciting opening. 
operation	手术，操作 He's mending slowly after the operation. 
operator	接线员 His lawyer's a sharp operator.
opinion	看法，见解 She hardly dared to venture an opinion.
owner	物主，所有人 The dog looked mournfully after its owner. 
ownership	所有制 The restaurant is under new ownership.
painting	油画，水彩画 Painting can be very therapeutic.
peace	和平 The dove is symbolic of peace. 
peaceful	和平的，安宁的 The riot began as a peaceful protest.
peach	桃子 He picked out the ripest peach for me.
pear	梨子，梨树 She bit into a ripe juicy pear.
perfume	香水 She drenched herself in perfume. 
pleased	高兴的 You're coming? I'm so pleased. 
polite	有礼貌的,有教养的 We were all too polite to object.
possibly	可能地，也许 I can't possibly meet that deadline. 
pressure	压迫,压力,压强 She finally flipped under the pressure. 
pretend	假装，装作 Let's pretend (that) we're astronauts.
pretty	漂亮的，俊俏的 I'm pretty sure I'll be going. 
quit	离任，离校，戒掉 If I don't get more money I'll quit. 
quite	完全，十分 It's quite warm at the moment. 
quiz	测验，小型考试 Have you entered your name for the quiz yet?
rank	职衔，军衔 He was soon promoted to the rank of captain.
rapid	快的，迅速的 We live in an age of rapid technological advance.
reality	现实 She refuses to face reality. 
reporter	记者，新闻通讯员 I fondly remember my first job as a reporter.
represent	代表 The carvings represent a hunting scene.
restriction 限制，约束 The relaxation of travel restrictions means they are free to travel.
result 结果，效果 Many hair problems result from what you eat.
retell 重讲，复述 She often asks her sisters to retell the story.
road 路，道路 There was very little traffic on the roads.
roast 烤，烤肉 I would rather roast a chicken whole.
rob 抢夺，抢劫 Mrs Yacoub was robbed of her designer watch.
rugby 橄榄球 At school I boxed and played rugby
salary 薪金，薪水 My boss decided to increase salaries for me.
scholar 学者 The library attracts thousands of scholars.
scholarship 奖学金 He got a scholarship.
schoolbag 书包 My schoolbag has helped me a lot.
section 段，部分，部门 A section of the bridge had collapsed.
semicircle 半圆 He indicated a semicircle with a radius of thirty miles.
shade 阴凉处，树荫处 Let's sit in the shade and keep cool.
silver 银 He polished the silver.
similar 相似的，像 The accident was similar to one that happened in 1973.
snatch 夺，夺得，夺走 He snatched the cards from my hand.
sneaker 轻便运动鞋 Chinese sneaker brands get a lot of attention.
sneeze 打喷嚏 When we sneeze, our eyes close.
stable 稳固的，牢固的 This structure must be stable.
strength 力量，力气 He gave me the strength to overcome the difficulty.
survival 存活，幸存 Life became a struggle for survival.
suspect 犯罪嫌疑人 The police saw me as the prime suspect.
tension 紧张局势，矛盾 The tension between the two countries is likely to remain.
tent 帐篷 I kept to my tent.
tentative 不确定的，踌躇的 Such theories are still very tentative.
urban 城市的，都市的 Most urban areas are close to a park.
urge 敦促，催促，力劝 They urged parliament to approve plans.
urgent 紧急的，紧迫的 There is an urgent need for food and water.
useful 有用的，有益的 This accident affords us a useful lesson.
useless 无用的 She knew it was useless.
veal 小牛肉 Veal is in the fridge.
vegetable 蔬菜 Vegetables provide fibre and vitamins.
vehicle 机动车辆 The vehicle mounted the pavement.
volcano 火山 The volcano erupted last year.
volleyball 排球 The children are playing volleyball.
voluntary 自愿的，主动的 In her spare time she does voluntary work.
weep 哭泣，流泪 She wept tears of joy.
weigh 称重，重 The scales can weigh other items.
weight 重，重量 What is your height and weight?
wherever 无论在哪里 Some people enjoy themselves wherever they are.
whether 是否 It doesn't matter to me whether you go or not.
windy 有风的，多风的 It was windy and I felt cold.
yourselves 你们自己 You ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
youth 青春，青年 In my youth I want to be an inventor.
yummy 很好吃的 This cookie is so yummy!
zebra 斑马 What a beautiful zebra!
zipper 拉链 Did you screw up the zipper?
zone 区域，范围 The area has been declared a disaster zone.
zoom 快速移动，猛涨 We zoomed through the gallery.
